Welcome to Shahjalal University of Science and Technology
NOTE Visual
Saheed Minar
Ariel view trees
NOTE Visual
University bus is approaching
A few motorbikes on campus roads
NOTE Visual
Mosque
SUST
NOTE Visual
The university bus is going
The central library
NOTE Visual
Sonali Bank at university center
Two students riding bicycle
NOTE Visual
A liberation war sculpture Chetona '71
Students walking along the walkway
NOTE Visual
An auto-rickshaw is moving along campus road
Raining in the campus premises
NOTE Visual
Students drenched in rain running for shelter
Students playing football in the field
NOTE Visual
Lilies in the lake
Campus buildings with wall paintings
NOTE Visual
Lake surrounded by greeneries
Green fields
NOTE Visual
Students at the campus premises
wall painting
NOTE Visual
Students playing football
Green fields and highlands
NOTE Visual
University housing
Students walking
NOTE Visual
Teacup
Raining on the campus
NOTE Visual
Green trees and fields
Ariel view campus
NOTE Visual
Green highlands
Students playing basketball
NOTE Audio
Located in Sylhet, Bangladesh, SUST has a campus area of 320 acres full of natural beauty. It is famous for its academic and research excellence in science & technology.
NOTE Visual
Campus at night